Add rule array-type (#211)
bradzacher/eslint-plugin-typescript: docs/rules/array-type.md

> # Requires using either 'T[]' or 'Array' for arrays (array-type)

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
# Requires using either 'T[]' or 'Array<T>' for arrays (array-type)
```
